Name of the business: PAWAR LOGISTICS

Location: Queens, New York, USA.

Contact information:

Phone Number: +1 XXX XXX XXXX
Email Address: contact@pawar.logistics.com


Tagline: "Move with care everywhere"

A brief history:

Pawar Logistics provides cutting-edge logistics services to optimize the distribution process internationally.
The entire process, from pickup to delivery, is around the world. A one-stop logistics platform is what we provide to our clients & partners. 
We are an organization structured to provide services related to an "end-to-end" logistics concept.


List of your products and services:

The following is a list of our services:

Products:
TrackCraft - Track consignment from start to end

Services :
1. Sea Freight 
2. Airfreight 
3. Project Cargo
4. Custom Clearance
5. Transportation
6. Warehousing
7. Packaging
8. International Courier Services

Mission statement: 

Our commitment is to provide our customers with innovative, cost-effective logistics solutions based on their changing business needs.

Vision statement:

Our passion and ambition go hand in hand with our commitment to our customers' needs. 
The drive behind our firm is to unlock significant business value through teamwork, innovation, value proposition, continuous improvement, and on the principles of "Belief, Action, Results".

Description of some unique aspects of the business:

At Pawar logistics, we focus on delivery in minimal time with optimal care of the goods.
The Packaging and support team of our company works to ensure 100% uptime of delivery and resolve the grievances of the customers.
Our IT team has developed and maintained TrackCraft an in-house tool to track shipments across. 
This ensures that the data of our customers are safe and not required to be shared with any third-party tracking providers.


Copyright information: Copyright © 2022 Pawar Logistics Ltd, All Rights Reserved. 
This website contains copyrighted product names, and any infringement will be prosecuted.